Submission for Lab 2 in CSCB07

By Soroush Rouhani Esfahani; October 1st, 2023

Brief overview of functions in Polynomial.java:

boolean doublesEqual(double d1, double d2):
  Returns true if and only if the doubles d1 and d2 are numerically equal, taking floating point representation issues into consideration.

Polynomial():
  A constructor of the class, setting the coefficients and exponents array to null to represent the 0 polynomial.

Polynomial(double[] coefficientVals, int[] exponentVals):
  A constructor of the class, which receives an array of doubles representing the desired coefficients of the polynomial
  and an array of integers representing the desired exponents of the polynomial as parameters.
  The parameters are copied into their respective fields, up to the length of the shortest parameter.
  Precondition: As per @27 on Piazza, no 0 coefficients will be provided.

Polynomial(File file):
  Reads the given file, setting the fields to represent the stored polynomial.
  Precondition: The polynomial stored in the file abides by the format described in the lab handout and Piazza.

public Polynomial add(Polynomial other):
  Receives another Polynomial as parameter, and returns a new Polynomial representing the sum of this polynomial and the other one.
  Precondition: In both Polynomials, exponent and coefficient fields are equal in length and represent a valid polynomial.

public Polynomial multiply(Polynomial other):
  Receives another Polynomial as parameter, and returns a new Polynomial representing the product of this polynomial and the other one.
  Precondition: In both Polynomials, exponent and coefficient fields are equal in length and represent a valid polynomial.

public double evaluate(double x):
  Receives a double x as parameter, and returns a double representing the value of the polynomial represented by this Polynomial at the given x.

public boolean hasRoot(double x):
  Receives a double x as parameter, returns true if and only if the given x is a root of the polynomial represented by this Polynomial.

public void saveToFile(String filename):
  Saves the polynomial represented by this Polynomial to a file, according to the format described in the lab handout.

public void print():
  Similar to saveToFile, but prints the polynomial on the terminal instead of saving it to a file.
